Python 3.5.2 (default, Nov 17 2016, 17:05:23) 
[GCC 5.4.0 20160609] on linux
Type "copyright", "credits" or "license()" for more information.
>>> 
== RESTART: /home/joshua/Documents/coding/adventure-local/main adventure.py ==
Would you like to watch the intro? It adds a story to the game. (yes/no)
>>yes
You find yourself in a dimly lit room. You can make out a closed door, where light is creeping through.
You can't remember how you got here. The last thing you remember is hiking with your dog, Fido, in . . . . . 

Where were you hiking? God, your head hurts. Maybe a glass of water would do you good. 
You reach into your backpack.
It's beaten up, as if it had been left in mud and marched on. What in the world happened?
You get out your water bottle. The water inside is lukewarm, but it's better than nothing. 
(hint: type 'backpack' or 'inventory' to check what's inside your backpack.)
Where's Fido? Hopefully he wasn't killed in the avalanche . . . 

 -- an avalanche! 
You remember now. You were hiking in Alaska, near Anchorage, when an avalanche, threw you off the path and into the air. 
You need to find Fido and get out of here, wherever 'here' is.
(Basic commands: look, location, inventory, inspect [item in inventory])
>>backpack
Your handy backpack. You brought it when you went hiking. It's a lot dirtier now than it was then. It contains: 

backpack
flashlight
water bottle
>>look
You find yourself in a dimly lit room. You can make out a closed door, where light is creeping through.
>>flashlight
It's a flashlight. It's bright yellow color and the light is a little dim, but it's enough to make out your surroundings.
>>look
You find yourself in a dimly lit room. You can make out a closed door, where light is creeping through.
>>location
entrance
>>turn on flashlight
You turn on your flashlight.
Your flashlight is brighter than you expected in the dim room. The room is made of wood planks, and the ceiling is sloped. There is a chest in the middle of the room.
>>open chest
A hand-crafted chest that looks as if it's seen better days. It contains:
key
note
>>take key
You take the key.
>>read note
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>look note
A hastily scribbled note. It says 'Key to door. Remember, lock turns right.'
>>use key
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>open door
You open the door to the shack. Light dimly shines from the corridor ahead.
>>look
Your flashlight is brighter than you expected in the dim room. The room is made of wood planks, and the ceiling is sloped. There is a chest in the middle of the room.
>>location
entrance
>>walk
Sorry, I don't recognize that word.
>>go cooridor
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>go corridor
You walk into the corridor ahead. There is a chill in the air you can feel even through your winter clothes.
This whole corridor looks ready to collapse. The room has already caved in, and there's snow  all over the passageway. Broken planks stick out here and there amongst the wreckage. At the end of the passage, you can just make out a closed door.
>>go door
You walk through the dense snow. It's hard to find your footing, good thing you're wearing boots.
At the end of the corridor, the snow is even thicker, piling up against the door in a giant drift. It's a blinding white even in the moonlight. You can feel wind blow in from outside, an icy breeze that chills you to the bone.
The door itself is made of a dark thick wood, made darker by melted snow. Its rusted hinges face you on your left.
>>open door
It's stuck. The snow is piled against it, forcing it shut.
(hint: type 'clear snow' to open the door)
>>clear snow
The snow is, quite literally, freezing cold. Good thing you've got your ski clothes on.
Pushing snow . . . . . 

There's an avalanche! The snow is collapsing, run!
Too late, you're falling!
You've fallen through the floor! It's a miracle you weren't killed in the collapse.
There's a basement here - good thing, too, or you would have been buried by the snow.
The snow above is nothing compared to the snow here, which fills the room. It looks like this was a basement in another time. There's a broom in the corner and some kitchen supplies. 
There's a ladder up to the corridor above, if you're careful you might be able to climb it. If there's another exit, it's been buried by the snow.
>>clean snow
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>clear snow
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>use broom
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>check supplies
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>inventory kitchen supplies
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>climp ladder
I don't recognize that phrase.
>>climb ladder
Climbing ladder . . . 

>>help
Sorry, I don't recognize that word.
>>